We have to tell it used to be. We have to learn. We have to dribble. We have to in a way create a
rhythm in our mind stream so that we will ignite it from always joy and appreciation in our self,
in our situation, in our circumstances, with that quality and then help to the others with the love
and compassion.
And that is practice and that is also have to kind of let it grow. We have some things to be taught
or we all have that. But our work is very unstable. Our love and compassion, joy and appreciation,
quite grateful, graceful, is very weak and very kind of like temporary, sometimes here and
sometimes gone.
And therefore we have to bring that more stabilized and make that more strong in our mind and heart
.
Alaya. Alaya, that is we have to imprint all those good gods. It's there but we have to mostly
water. We have to nourish, take care so that joy and appreciation and kindness and compassion is
always there.
All the time is like eliminating our self or glowing our self and that glow of that. And that have
to start by one's own self.
And practice Dharma is not any coming in outside and of course we all know that. You know, you know
and everybody knows. Practice Dharma have to start with our self.
Our self also we will be talking our self individually. That means start from the heart. From the
heart and from the heart, from the mind. Mind to the heart and heart to the our self, then our self
.
So Dharma practice begin with from our innermost core of the mind and heart. That is what it is.
And then what is it? This is mind.
There is so many varieties of the mind. But the mind is as Buddha said, all mind can be summarized
into three categories. All different aspects of our mental thought and those are positive, negative
and neutral.
There is nothing more than that. This mind, all our active mind sits within that three frame or
three categories.